Welcome back.
Let's now go over the solution for the heat map exercise question.
All right so the first thing we need to do is our imports as always.
So we're going to import slightly off line as well and we're going to import plot the graph flips always
Simoncini graph objects as go ancestries and pand those will import pandas as PD.
We already have this line of code which is going to read the flight data set for us.
So let's move ahead to the finer data variable now are they the variable.
It's actually pretty straightforward.
We're just going to create our list and say Go dots and remember it's heat map.
And here we just need to find that X Y and Z column for X we'll choose off the data frame the year for
y off the state of frame.
We're going to choose the month and then for Z we're going to choose the passengers.
There we go.
So there's our data and if you want me to go ahead and create a lay out maybe just for a simple title
we'll say lay out is it well to go lay out and we'll just say title sequel to let's say flights.
There we go.
Ambitious plot the whole creative figure object.
Go figure.
And then say that is what the data and layout physical Tulio than we say up plot pasand fig and save
that in looking at this before I run that it looks like I'm forgetting a comma here to separate my Y
and Z.
BOWLES let me save this.
And check it out.
We're going to say Python and I'm going to run the file it was writing it.
And there we go.
Here is our heat map as expected with the months on the y axis and the years on the X-axis.
And we can see that trend of increasing passengers throughout the years as well as increasing passengers
during the summer months which is what a heat map is really good for the splaying.
Thanks.
And we'll see at the next lecture.